Isn't this Zhao Ruolan's biological mother, Sun Meifeng?
I ran away with the little day
Why did you go back to Zhaojiacun again?
All bejeweled
It seems to be getting along well with the little days
No wonder he abandoned his own daughter in the first place
I also need to help my wife in my childhood
No matter how good I am, so what?
Or the scum of our Zhaojiacun
Shame you have to look down on him
Brother-in-law, why are you back?
Shut up!
You loser
I am Gao Qiaotai now
Not your toad woman
Don't get close to me
Mom, how do you hit people?
Bah you bitch
I'm not your mother
Don't yell at me
I have but one son.
That's High George
He is outside now
Answer the call from Mr. Miyamoto, Vice President of the Olympic Committee
I'll show you when I come in.
What is a talented person?
It's not cheap or comparable to yours.
Sun didn't let Ruolan go
He is your biological daughter
You abandoned him ten years ago
Now as soon as you come back, hit him, scold him, insult him
Are you human? Shut up
You toad
Didn't you hear what I just said?
I'm Mrs. Takahashi now
It's something you can't afford.
Since you look down on us so much
Then why did you come back?
I came to Zhaojiacun
One is to accompany my man to revisit the old place
What about two?
It is to sign a 1 billion contract with the richest man in Ma
My son just won the Olympic championship.
Not only did it win me glory
And brought me a billion-dollar contract
A billion dollars.
Haven't you seen it?
This is incredible wealth
The old lady is a mother and a child are precious
Why did you sign a 1 billion contract with a down payment?
What are you doing in our ancestral hall?